rotate planet
scissors 3d works
implement shader assets

future thing maybe: namespaces for different people working in project ???

under description github desktop --> add co-auther might seem useful for what im doing but its public anyway so who cares.

fun idea: add shaker.cs but like random spam when point at bear and blinking scissor curser to give the effect of dont cut the bear.

///

refactor pointer.cs name. VV
scene naming could be better
implement planet shader.

Scissors backend different from scissors model.

camera pivot.pos and the planet pos need to be the same.

---

still got to add the animation to the scissor graphic in the world.

fix the planet round surface not blockey.

schaar animatie when cutting

---

implement luuk sheep model

---

i dont have the power cable i cant really do much atm
what i would like to do is make it so that the forward works better
and thats basically it.s

---

to ask : i need better scissor cursor thing. --> ask #art channel and then send ur cursor file with dimensions so they can make it a little bit better.
wont have that DIY indie feel anymore tho but whatever.

todo for this day ish:
scissor orientation hotfix VVV
webcam preload bool and recording icon topright. VVV
sheep and planet orientation. --> i be needing that sheep model kinda soon tho, espcially for splliting logic. VVV
scissors actually respond like cursor. VVV
dont make ICuttable its too much hastle because you have inheritance anyway VVV

blinkingtext and blinking are same thing. VVV

add prefabs folder VVV

FIX: It could maybe make more sense if the position of this object is used as reference. --> prefabspawner.cs VVV

---

now i need lukes sheep model and then implement that and see from there with regard to split object orientation and all that ...
befoer that i could use sophie sheep model to get mvp

possible change: make the sheep collider sqaure and i think it would still work.

make sure to scale the collider accoridng to the model not the model accoridng to the collider.

now just kinda waiting in more assets i guess.
i also would like more people to collaborate on this with me on the github.

tomorrow: hopefully have sheep model and ask for artists to make better cursor

---

today i would like to implement luke sheep VVV

todo:
remove cursor ish --> dynamic solution whereby i can remove and add custom cursor at will. VVV
better cut animation VVV
check writings.txt commits for this project ?? --> did i lose something ? --> no VVV

i need button from beau
i need scissors cursor from flynn
i need better performance and colloration on globe from sophie.

now im basically waiting for art ...
sound effects ?? where be those ??

whatever i forgot sometinhg agian because my head is full
the thigns at the top here are the most important so do that.

move script back into the folder, but prolyl something else

---

must do spawning amount of sheep.

ik moet een TIMER.cs scritp maken
en dan een timer display script voor de txt.

timer display script needs to be better.

make it so that stuff aint getting destroy because now the game ends without having broken the rule with good timer text.

coding convention:
if (conditional )
	return;

rider commercial free and also free for students nice.

todo: make game end script with the yeeet  attached scripts.

the game doesn't end when the rule is broken ???
if so i cant use that destroy yeet. 
the game doesn't end when rule broken
decrease timer value when onscreen.
de timer is alleen zichtbaar als je de regel breekt.
tijd wordt niet recuded yeet.

maybe add button.cs

basically lots of stuff to do because

fix timers
fix rule text.
hij wordt gewoon rood

debatale: pos of webcam.

we still gotta add music
we gotta add better sophie planet

unity event paradigm --> heavy disaster component based.

9:15 hier dus 8:45 weg.

make sure to disable not destrpy webcam/

---

read discord messages
disable after time not destroy after time --> we use timer.cs for that V
make is so that the only way that the game stop is throug the timer V
all other rule breakers just show the webcam which is then hidden and shown again perhaps via preload or not whatever V
improve prefabspawner.cs V
i still need the open scissors cursor
clean scene a little bit V
implemetn globe model

can we fix the skybox? no. --> maybe ??? --> should we lock the sun to the cam ? --> maybe use like a render texture or an overlay image
or something like that we might be able to fix it --> i really dont want to have to rotate the globe since i dont think that would work 
easily with the sheep. VVV

i think i cna find a way to do not preload and still enable and disable it. perhaps i should make a webcam methods for
enalbe and disable in the actual webcam script

and i just need to impleemnt everyone's art basically, at least sophie can use github a little but it doesnt matter as long as it works.

also i would maybe just keep the scissor cursor ?? nah i feel like you only have the scissor cursor when you can cut things.
fix timer texts ...

also make sure to keep ur discord open for people sending in art.

/// <summary>
    /// You always need to ask yourself: how does this contribute to the intention ??
    /// </summary>

the text should just become red ez peasy. V

for next time: only have post processing on the last camera overlay.
